build: remove 32-bit ARM builds (#23189)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/release-notes/nomad/v1_8_x.mdx

  support will be removed and the repo will be archived when Nomad 1.9 is
  released. Users are encouraged to migrate their workloads to another task
  driver such as the built-in Docker task driver[/nomad/docs/drivers/docker].

- **ECS Task driver:** The remote [ECS Task
  Driver](https://developer.hashicorp.com/nomad/plugins/drivers/remote/ecs) is
  now deprecated. Official support will be removed and the repo will be
  archived when Nomad 1.9 is released. Users are encouraged to migrate their
  workloads to Amazon ECS or to another Nomad task driver.

- **`stop_after_client_disconnect`, `max_client_disconnect`,
  `prevent_reschedule_on_lost`:** Nomad 1.8.0 introduces a
  [disconnect](/nomad/docs/job-specification/disconnect) block meant to group
  all the configuration options related to disconnected client's and server's
  behavior, causing the deprecation of the fields stop_after_client_disconnect,
  max_client_disconnect and prevent_reschedule_on_lost. This block also
  introduces new options for allocations reconciliation if the client regains
  connectivity.

> - **32-bit builds**: Nomad releases will no longer include binaries built for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **32-bit builds**: Support for 32-bit architecture is now deprecated. Nomad will no longer include binaries built for
```

>   32-bit platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  32-bit platforms starting with Nomad 1.9. 
```
